I need one classic sandwich combo with fries and a drink.
i need 2 piece signature chicken combo with fries and a bottle of water.
I want 3-piece tender combo with fries and a drink.
I will have one deluxe sandwich combo with fries.
We want 12 piece nuggets combo with sweet heat sauce and fries and a fountain pop.
We will have 8 piece chicken meal. What are the options for 1 large side? We will have 1 large fries . and it comes with 4 biscuits.
Hey how’s the day going? I will have 8 piece nuggets combo with fries. does the biscuit is included in it.and a drink.
We will have 36 piece of nuggets only.no dipping sauce.
Today we want to have 16 piece of chicken . it comes with 3 large sides right and 10 biscuits. We will have 2 large fries and 1 large gravy . 
I need one classic sandwich combo with gravy and a drink.
i need 2 piece signature chicken combo with gravy and a bottle of water.
I want 3-piece tender combo with gravy and a bottle of water.
I will have one deluxe sandwich combo with gravy.
We want 12 piece nuggets combo with buffalo sauce and gravy and a fountain pop.
We will have 8 piece chicken meal. What are the options for 1 large side?  ok We will have 1 large gravy . and 4 biscuits.
Hey how’s the day going. I will have 8 piece nuggets combo with gravy. does the biscuit is included in it.and a drink.
We will have 36 piece of nuggets only.no dipping sauce.
Today we want to have 16 piece of chicken . it comes with 3 large sides right and 10 biscuits. We will have 2 large gravy , 1 large mashed .
I need one classic sandwich combo with mashed  and a drink.
i need 2 piece signature chicken combo with mashed  and a bottle of water.
I want 3-piece tender combo with mashed  and a drink.
I will have one deluxe sandwich combo with mashed .
We want 12 piece nuggets combo with sweet heat sauce and mashed  and a fountain pop.
We will have 8 piece chicken meal. What are the options for 1 large side? We will have 1 large mashed  . and it comes with 4 biscuits.
Hey how’s the day going. I will have 8 piece nuggets combo with mashed . does the biscuit is included in it.and a drink.
We will have 36 piece of nuggets only.no dipping sauce.
Today we want to have 16 piece of chicken . it comes with 3 large sides right and 10 biscuits. We will have 2 large mashed  , 1 fries .
I need one classic sandwich combo with mac and cheese  and a drink.
i need 2 piece signature chicken combo with mac and cheese  and a bottle of water.
I want 3-piece tender combo with mac and cheese  and a drink.
I will have one deluxe sandwich combo with mac and cheese .
We want 12 piece nuggets combo with sweet heat sauce and mac and cheese  and a fountain pop.
We will have 8 piece chicken meal. What are the options for 1 large side? We will have 1 large mac and cheese  . and it comes with 4 biscuits.
Hey how’s the day going. I will have 8 piece nuggets combo with mac and cheese . does the biscuit is included in it.and a drink.
We will have 36 piece of nuggets only.no dipping sauce.
Today we want to have 16 piece of chicken . it comes with 3 large sides right and 10 biscuits. We will have 2 large mac and cheese  , 1 fries .
I need one classic sandwich combo with beans and rice  and a drink.
i need 2 piece signature chicken combo with beans and rice  and a bottle of water.
I want 3-piece tender combo with beans and rice  and a drink.
I will have one deluxe sandwich combo with beans and rice .
We want 12 piece nuggets combo with sweet heat sauce and beans and rice  and a fountain pop.
We will have 8 piece chicken meal. What are the options for 1 large side? We will have 1 large beans and rice  . and it comes with 4 biscuits.
Hey how’s the day going. I will have 8 piece nuggets combo with beans and rice . does the biscuit is included in it.and a drink.
We will have 36 piece of nuggets only.no dipping sauce.
Today we want to have 16 piece of chicken . it comes with 3 large sides right and 10 biscuits. We will have 2 large beans and rice  , 1 fries .
I need one classic sandwich combo with onion rings  and a drink.
i need 2 piece signature chicken combo with onion rings  and a bottle of water.
I want 3-piece tender combo with onion rings  and a drink.
I will have one deluxe sandwich combo with onion rings .
We want 12 piece nuggets combo with sweet heat sauce and onion rings  and a fountain pop.
We will have 8 piece chicken meal. What are the options for 1 large side? We will have 1 large onion rings  . and it comes with 4 biscuits.
Hey how’s the day going. I will have 8 piece nuggets combo with onion rings . does the biscuit is included in it.and a drink.
We will have 36 piece of nuggets only.no dipping sauce.
Today we want to have 16 piece of chicken . it comes with 3 large sides right and 10 biscuits. We will have 2 large onion rings  , 1 fries .



